# D-edX
Decentralised, trustless education, training and certification powered by blockchains and edX

Thought experiment

Able transfers some funds to his education account and purchases training in electronics

He goes to the nearest d-edX environment where he can recieve his training and certification. It is a small room housed in a building owned by the BitNation. He enters the room by verifying his identity and unlocking the Slock.it. The room is comfortable and offers a seat at a workbench with a terminal ready to deliver his lesson.

Able decided that he wanted to learn more about the operation of Operational Amplifiers and how they can be used to make a negative feedback controller. His learning objectives are clear and he knows he must learn abot correct choice of resistor values and placement in the circuit. He will also build the circuit on a test bed in front of him and perform the appropriate simulations in software before carrying out a real test on the circuit he builds in front of him.

Able is currently living within the borders of Brazil but has plans to move to Spain. He decides to improve his Spanish by choosing a Spanish instructor who has a high rating in explaining the topics related to his learning objective (and he gives instructions on how to build a pretty cool guitar effects circuit too).

He starts the lesson, listening and taking his own notes. Through the lesson he might respond to questions from the instructor as well as questions generated by various communities of Electronics experts.

His progress is measured through responses to questions that can be machine read and correct operation of test circuits is determined from his software simulation and signals measured from the circuit he builds. Afterwards he might take away a working record of his efforts because the workbench is fed by a contracted supplier of electronic parts.

Able finishes his course and is told he has successfully passed the requisite tests for a certificate in this section. His certificate is timestamped onto the blockchain and future employers and course providers will verify this through his offering of a public key.
